Do two tax
I take oath that
Andhra Pradesh
As Chief Minister of
True of your duties
Discharge with loyalty and dedication
Is .
Fifth note of musical scale .
Have courage
Nothing will happen two what happened
Between the flyer
Open back
We got stuck here, sir, let's go ahead
When these keep us stop
Then their ambulance settled four
Going on the shoulders.
Casualty is very sir
But how many people died
It is difficult to tell.
Crores in the name of making rage
How many lives were made because of them
Gone until reached the hospital
Live b.
If the baby's
If you go, tomorrow will be a holiday
Do two two have happened
Now telling the hunt.
In C, give or give to his elder brother
Party support too
Is with me
Weak support is needed
The chair is my right
Senior in party
By doing politics for us
Are you covered
I called
We have committed some sins that
Chase us to
Tax will be taxed
Two .
Did you get
Where will we go to the brother of five people
Only five are ten take ten
Was asked to go.
Just for brother I
Five people are allowed.
More man than company
Do not give
First do the first bay before it.
Who you guys
Sleep sleeping after stopping the rain
Done spoil
Now just to kill me.
One minute to the entire train
People with people.
Get out, now brother is not there.
See
This is brought by police and assault
By working hard
Became a character.
Happily with a transfor
Was going to the village.
So why did you brake?
Come to your problem,
What will be blind.
Why so much sore throat
Wear rakhi
I am a YouTube star.
Walking
C is going to pass through
So reach before that
Otherwise your brother will become people.
Otherwise, what will not come?
Come on, take it to number one
Tera right hai kr bhai mein me
He was sent to lift.
Who will put them
Do something but how do I go?
My train has gone sir
Now my helicopter will be found.
Sir, you kept it.
How can I give you a review?
My train ticket is I.
Hey, you will also take you
I brought half from sleep.
Come on
Two tax two two two do two tax
Leave the glasses and leave your
Take it like you like you
You guys say that earthy
I am also you.
Leave it, show it by talking
Show me left
Azam shows the ground uncle
You look like enemies
So you can show it.
Finger p.
Neither see uncle, see everyone
Go to the enemy
Tax of
Two taxes.
I was stuck in your ear
I think Mutik Ring and Sachpach
Everywhere you gave love heart
I am filled in worship
Kuldu Hey fighting in the system
Two chickens on the bone
Going to go to the ground when you go
Taki rahu west sit
I am either i am also
You like you either you
Also, be my heart
Finger p.
Neither should you see uncle etc.
Show go to the enemy
Will kill
Villagers eye girls
Not sight of
Police Collector Chiranjeevi became
I want to see, yes, marriage
Chiranjeevi Ram
This day
Will keep thinking about him,
What does our man not do
There can also be a daughter -in -law at our house
Meaning mother is not
Why you will do me
Your
You have life too, son every mother
But there is no marriage in it
Your hand
Think about me, plus this
Saying, agree.
Our government has only one
The time of year is left.
In these six days, us
Place in history
Government tolerate corruption
Will not do it
Whatever setting your settings
He earns
Leave it at the same time.
What is it going on?
Stop turning your people.
Someone wrong the rights of their rights
We will not take advantage
People are doing good work.
You ask out.
I have a lot of name.
You gave you a cone
If it was a little late
I would have become satyamurti.
What are you doing good work
If a hundred rupees are MPs
So seventy -five in your pocket
Let's go
Public in fifteen officers' pockets
Just just for ten such
Change the governance.
Change is necessary.
Papa, what is this?
If we are comfortable for a year
Will people do the world?
We are doing wrong things.
If you agree, you know what will happen
Central Government Hum P.
Everyone will go inside us.
If you do it while doing it
Hundreds of hand
Fifteen and party
Millions of workers on all roads
Go
He more than this party
What do you mean
I gave me what kind of thing.
That this year is over
Till I am the Chief Minister.
If there was a single mistake
I just your political
No biography.
I will finish in lower life.
God given
I do not understand wrong
Side instead of walking
I am away while walking
See the servants but
You were born
Call out of his stomach.
When started walking
Eye
I only see
That is why it has become a habit of walking.
I am in the collector's office.
Thank you thank you
Hello rye sidek
Sidethy
No sir man is very straightforward.
Only the body is crooked.
I just truth you
I will call
Dr .
Audio,
Diphasi to all my
Emergency meeting in Chamber
For .
As much as in this district
There is a big problem,
Who is responsible for them?
I want everyone's list immediately.
One
Satyam will give you in a week
Promotion of head
My people for the year
Want in front.
A .
This is the collection of twenty five crores
He has crossed the minister.
Now stop getting out.
That's why father about lil
Do not know
Somebody hit but survived
The family says good less
How to say what to say good
If my own father was alive
So something like this
Gets made .
After that I would become.
He left without telling.
Father ,
Papa is getting this by speaking.
Earn virtue on one side
This fake thing,
On the other side me
Low look
My living in
Unaccounted elder brother.
I want to remove both.
So a few days
Will more to give us,
Will do comon.
But the rate of Sambhal
What is it considered to dig?
Your wish at night at night.
The new collector has called you tomorrow.
Basmati Bhimrao Goods
Mother Paan from Malwar Ravand
Papa rao list
Dharmad Park,
God leather factory,
At least months should be done with Salman.
All one to stop wrongdoing
To make a good person,
But it is difficult to pack.
A hand that if he is in ten
There will not be anything special but
Millions of food can be food
Also that hand or little
Close the wrong business
Earn profit without and people
Happiness to
Any new way to ask
Very hungry like collector
If you want a morsel of
What will the truth do,
Come on, let's rate
Let's come and RT O Odro All of you
Sit in businessman series,
You guys enter here.
I become a collector
Criminal will definitely be made
Satyam keep all the fun and keep it with you
Give .
Where is the Stow Sir Teja
Prasad Telu or Tea Powder Chaman
Basmati Bhimara.
All starting
Check the block anything black
You will not get sir.
It has spoken fifteen thousand.
Kolm Jaun.
There is a thousand children in this.
Suu kneads the rice food,
D
How much is it said
Big rice worm.
But here there is a need here.
Real gold stool is fake
Gold glow is more rice
Why should we be so shining?
If the government ration shop
Till a hundred rice is available, among them
Forty and your own
Identified in your pitcher
Takes
Glow chemical in ration rice
Mixing rice by mixing
Sells in
This only
Chemical rice everyone went to Sarar
In this pitcher.
Stop coming.
If the rat is marginal
What will happen to the eating year
To drink.
Then the rice account
I will go.
Permit that gives it a civil
Surprise Officer Pal Shree
Niwas Rao c.
I see your app but your
Like a pride for the first time
Watching
Malshwar Namaskar Sir
Satamko is not here
Speak on the level f parking
How it is .
It is difficult you will not go
Ten if ever
If the fire broke out, what did he ask?
How in building
Provision to bring fire engine
It is not necessary to do.
Entire state
I have such eighteen
Is a mall.
Rear
If there was a fire in one week
Thirty -seven people were killed in it.
Reason because fire
Could not reach the engine.
All my malls Mopi Dev Ji
And i will close them
What is the use of doing
I will blast
Hello Collector
To lock your mall
There will be rights but not to burn
Is .
We have also lying right.
Which disaster is management
Under the Management Act it
Building may fall.
There will be earthquake
According to the possibility of every state
Five level number four C
Intensities,
But take this construction number two
Intensity of people
Made according to.
So you will have to fall immediately.
You should send notice, no.
If I had sent a notice, I would have given it.
Someone under Management Tight
It is not to give notice.
To fall this mall, you
There will be a week.
See how I am till then
I stop sir
Buy will be reduced in thirty seconds.
The number you reach now
Try everyone from Karthawark
You have to stand a hundred meters away.
S All Set
Sir, no longer will be tired of not backward
Relaxation
New way of begging.
Next all
Its factor is the first episode Gayaryus.
Is improvement
There will be some blows.
To marry Sita and become Ram.
Hanuman temple on
Go in and become celibate
Went .
What to do is feeling bad.
Why do you consider for marriage?
Do not listen to two flash
Ten years ago that girl's name
My love written with my anger
story .
Cut is and make that Kanj Cardon
Sitting behind you
Tell them that in front of you
No minor man is standing,
Bank our first meeting
Because of my anger
Professor's
What are you right now
How to talk about studs
Have you been doing this father
It is good to ask my father
Sankar Kerry Bay Still so much Gunter
You are talking about speaking
Others teach this
Is c.
Who is the bawwali without asking
Just look like me
What to do
Cowy
police station .
By the way, a good person comfortably
There is no one but if
If you get angry, someone worse
Can not become
Please take back this case, please Deepika.
Please no way please Deepika.
Why did he kill once?
Cape if Shiva drops me
Sir saw.
Who was that all the chemist lab
Sikh out.
Gold Made in Chemistry
How to extreme List abonology
To reach and where to touch
Indorphis leaves.
Full chemistry sorry
I will teach in bio chemistry.
at least
Of your age and profession
So remember
Seat has got a doctor
Have to go out and go out?
All the years I took here
Will not let it move from
Got it vie b.
That thank you very much and sorry so
Mach sorry sir, you are absolutely
Lotus looks uniform
His climax in the film's climax
Muh dried your name
Your department
I am that Dika na waddar bye
The best of asking
Will do it
Destruction will be closed.
And always gussal eyes in front of him
I come to him
Papa is the reason inside me
Growing growing has gone
Gold if you are thinking like this
So you now return to the reverse.
Your setting can not be my setting.
Judi can be like this
Always Angry Anga not seen
Where you keep on bursting.
Will leave for you
I will quit killing
Left me today
But there will not be anger.
I am not a tip.
What happened to the base girl stock sir
If a girl to a few seconds
If seen for it
Just to see that more
Stocking stock if seen
What is this saying
So you are listening to the new
Do not sir baby sir call
Madam, he speaks of you
Hand caught what not everyone came
Dont touch girl someone from you
Not of misbehavior
Not only my tie
Can arrest
A police commissioner like this
The order was removed.
Someone
Staring at wife for a few seconds
So you will leave it.
My wife is a second
Also worth seeing
You guys are all this
Also cut the girl codes
I will give in hand
Sorry, when I go home to give everyone.
Tell me what to do with this anger.
Meaning if there is a problem
It is better to get angry
to do ,
Throw the problem sau.
When my father
Let's talk about quarreling
Are .
Debate takes place.
Now it is necessary to debate or father
I need my
Immediately do anger.
You also try
See I will give anger to anger.
Bati Ganga is not the key
Hands in
Did you take it out
Seeing there, he has shown the board
Is giving fine fine
The board has fallen down.
Then how will you see sir
Fine I will leave
No. No .
The book is filling what is the sir.
And Doot a Bu
Angry will increase
Collilie Chi Grand.
It changed then what happened
This is your love
I am not crazy?
By doing, anger cools down.
I have lying somewhere
Is my attempt to stop
It is good to say to me
Ma G should be the name of the name, Ramo
Didn't really get angry
Da and that too
I have become a bye without any way
Bye .
Two tax shells.
Ram no.
Rama yours
Anger is justified but what is like this
Will the problem be solved?
So leave the channel to your anger.
Do not enjoy your anger.
Execute Ram.
You
Being a common man to you and
The family will have trouble.
But if the same anger
Show you as an officer
If you can
To big problems
You will get a chance to improve.
Then your anger
Will turn into pride.
You become IS,
Why ?
I can't become
Every fold your anger
The punishment will be an encounter.
Look if you
I became a life if I become an IPS officer
I will not talk to you
Remember
I prepared it for it.
Hence it was selected for IPS.
He stopped talking to me.
We had no contact.
By completing training when i
When he comes back, he left the city
Had gone
I did not even know this.
Where did she go to find a lot
Tried but did not get it.
After that I came every year
Tried for
After all, I have become.
We used to give us.
Okay you know
Brother, the whole thing is behind alone.
Now it will rise in the evening.
Lori ku chala by eating
Why will this brother -in -law not inside
If it is not known if it is not known
How do we know Gayann.
Sir, what will we do now
The selector will not come to know.
Will be closed to stop.
So ruthless
It is happening and you snoring
Is killing
I ever in career
Do not see or for both
Take tea, what is it doing
What is it drinking
If you know, I would not tell the owner
It is six o'clock.
Now we go home straight
Take the police station.
Why sir because you all
Has been arrested.
Otherwise I will give the bullet bass.
We are all brother.
Not just here
Five hundred from twelve locations
Caught people.
Brother .
Calls later
I did not do the collector
In
Anyone has to do it.
This is for fashion people
Out development is not possible
Bell in Sir Gundar Case
At least one year to meet
Looks like and the case is also collector
Has done
If you want a break in this case
Will have to go to the High Court.
For that, only one million will take ten lakhs.
Right now one million one of every man
I am right, I will give Idh of Idh
Do not do such people
Five hundred men do not like at all
One million of our every man
This calcullet without calcullet
Comes to do
Many people of you
Submit to and start working.
Okay go
She told where Deepika lives.
I tell you Deepika inside Vijay
I will be here someone here
Is Deepika that I am
Want selector Ram sir out your
Waiting impatiently.
Sow them here.
They called you inside
Come out of
Matta sir, you
Finding out.
I do not want to meet.
Do it,
Two .
Tax .
Anger is the same for anger
Sunshine and what is here
You cannot come and come.
I called you
You started going back.
Understand I still understand
Leaving your self -respect and you again
Calling inside
So let's Collector
No, we do the same thing.
Two taxes.
Iim Sundar Kalyan Sundar IS
What is the Collector of Vijayanagar district
Cheese collector in front here
B and you are watching elsewhere
What is the matter ?
If a district
Collector another district
If you step in
Permission of the secretary is necessary.
To the collector
There should be such a common sense that
He should not go without him.
So from Today Onward Herbles
End I Am Help
Type order
I worked District
Did not do it
Visakhapatam district
Not there ,
Vijayan is the district.
Tomorrow Sundaram's District and
Your problem stands in Vijayanagar
Ho vitt suram.
There has come.
Stall absolutely your face.
Is the district starts
Without permission
Type the name of the head in
Started your boss
Ulo in six months
Seeing retiring
I will also go so much
It is quick
Do not leer my at least my
District border p.
Karej
Do it.
Happy happy
Lifebime
Meeting interview
Two from your tip to mine
Two .
That we have long
Agamma Devi's for age
Has done worship.
This is their offerings.
Li ji,
Drink the whole
Stayed
Going away
No pachwada dhole is either
Is .
He fruited the rye down.
Blast the stool.
His eyes are always on us.
Hayet
Speaking Minister Sir in TV
Is .
Collector is calling the head.
Collector Sir BP
They cannot come saying.
Will go
Leave it now
Whenever Minister
Called collector defeat
Have to happen.
Is with you
I am a magistrate
If I went to my home
Maines
You have to worship you something
Have to talk
You are sending it right now.
Now wait outside.
Now do me Pi Committee F
Kar Kabhi Kabi Work
Give you this report in front
doing .
Do or type reports
So you have to plan.
Do two tax
Can be taken.
This collection was done to my people
As
This is your right but one
To do it as a mi
The right is mine
Tax.
Su is asking me to give in writing.
If i officially
Your people
If you have put inside you too
Write official
Will have to pay
Write the understanding of writing
Hey, you are sir, sir, you uncle
No, who is talking to
Pin Auster Mint Pt.
Chief Minister minister's disgrace
What is this state
The main child is and modest
Collector also collector
Who is it?
District First Siton,
District Magistrate,
Destic Election Officer,
Palment election charges,
District Administrative Officer,
Nuclear Supervisor,
Light records,
Lind Revenue Cocks
Is responsible for the connector
So public politics
What is f
Tell me what is the poverty of the minist.
Are ,
You know politics,
If we know the constitution, then exploit,
We rule.
Pass government orders
We make governmentders.
You he
Ministers but we are hard
Studying from here would be low here
Is a
You are with you
Zee Hero stay with you
Your status enhancer
Number one is only for five
I will stay up to die.
IAS I have a lot of work.
Before reaching home
Kill me, what to say
Everyone knows that if killed, he will be caught.
You have to become a si.
Do what collector come to Pakistan
had been ?
Will you cross the border today or
This is what Utern Chief Secretary
Permission.
Today where you will be lucky
To meet girlfriends
Government order van
And only lover.
You had loved you ever sir
But that too was the van side.
Madam doesn't and I am someone else
Did not want to marry
So I came here and I
began .
I never thought
Was Ram for me
Will be made here.
You always ask
Why don't i marry
doing .
God was waiting for this.
mother .
Yes, this is Ram, I marry this
I am going to do
Seeing something, he felt very fond of him.
Their central nervous
The system is damaged and now
It cannot see it directly.
An NGO brought these these here.
To be in the country
This by reading this in the newspapers
It is upset.
This less for every problem
She writes petition
They are very sensible.
Of this belief dairy
C for function
Are in the protocol of the function
I am watching me function
Have to go
I believe in delay
To make chairman
Thanks to the Chief Minister.
My honesty
Seeing my name proposal
To do shrimpide
Always now of our state
Chief Minister Satyamurthy ji
Will address
Hey, how much did I have
Pisted to excavate the rate written
With
About its black business
Was also written Pitish,
But he is giving this post to him.
Take Budiya from here
Someone here on the state
Come with
Do two tax taxes.
How is this shatis,
Talking still eating
Hai sorry c.
This is mentally unalard.
You say that milk young children
Drink them baking
Sells by mixing sooda
Posts to those who know this
Going to talk
Sins will continue to grow
You and that find you
Will never speak
Who is sir
Iim Doctor Ha Alredi.
Many in this district
How much problem people have
It is happening because milk here
I have found urea.
Sub mill dilting
Nephrological due to
There is disorder.
Brain has a bad effect on the bonus.
They have small children.
They have no vote.
Gond is more nulls
It is big
Big scientists like
Giving knowledge
Keep leaving new new Shagpa
Those who have been there.
True all this
We sampled this milk
Was done all the cost
Soda hydogenoxide
All in Vegetable Oil and V You
Please kiteted
Why do we on this stage?
Papa is speaking this crazy.
Are you going to hear?
Something for this is Rs.
I am a minister, you are not
I raised my hand in me
Just raised it.
A woman is defeated by a woman
U Mist Hand Stopped Hand.
What is wrong that let's apologize
Demand is asking you forgiveness
Forgive me by saving the demand
Give
I take oath of idol that
Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh
Of your duties in the form
I will discharge the true dedication.
In front of everyone on stage
He killed him
And tell me the year, that too
By wearing papan for old lady
Why do you take something
If I become a father, then Papa Minister
But the collector to raise his hand
I suspend
Son, you are feeling you
Very nice that i did you
Removing from the post of minister.
Why do you do so upset
To you
The system should be disturbed.
There is no sadness about this.
Officer Association for Me
In the Allredi Issue Race
I have done
I am crystal clear that
Will come back to my chair.
But whatever wrong between
Less i stopped again
Will start from
Corruption if you come to mercy
Closed again.
Think of you our
To plan wedding
Got time
Say one thing to you
First time me your anger
I liked it .
If you hand you a hand
Minister then you
Will not leave
You are going
Killing the minister as collector
yes .
I love you Ram Chairman.
I talk to you something.
Tell
Fifth note of musical scale .
I removed you from the minister
Now get you out of the party
I have been
There is no relation with your party.
Partial
I did something
No matter how much no one makes such a mistake
By doing that party
I will not live
Do I join your hands
I have stained that the flag
Not worth giving salute?
Since childhood, the dream of becoming kamm
I have to sit on the chair.
Until death ,
Until death .
I have to sit on him.
My funeral after death
But not a father.
I also collide on a low chair
Walk like this.
Only after passing this order
I kill .
Me and without this chair
I will not be able to live
Kui was not able to be able to ji.
Fabric is a mistake, father
Flame me
You are not making any mistake from now on
Never change.
You will go after you, I will also.
Believe
Papa please
We came closed ourselves
Carry chair
What did you take
If I ask for it.
Papapu is the next i am this
Then then
Till the body flame
Keep doing it, now let's say such a time
But at the same time I should be
Abhi, I will keep it now
Keep meeting everyone special
For a while
cooled down .
Big brother party
Responsible or small
Brother government records
You experience you
Guide
It's a matter of six months
If the election is done then banana
Me .
Hey this is not acceptable to me.
Mr. A but Jeera Muni Mi Khala M J J Ram Mu.
Have heard your father's natch
No, your younger brother killed
After the death of Zindabad Papa
What will you do to sit comfortably
Sit in Rama.
Yes friend, not yet, it means
This is what people want to come
Last in light roll
Behind the Sanskar Secretary
Do it before you
Another man has to be coined.
First of some society's hopes
The lamp was extinguished.
Today of Chief Minister Satya Murthy
has expired .
Give us arrested you
Why will the minister slap
Brother to die
Take two do two tax, do two
Do what is doing that two two
You can have a little hair
My father had life in life
Remove it will be less tomorrow.
All will go four places
Will do our low takala
How would I feel like this
Paulpaks will not understand you.
Two ,
Tax tax,
Do it,
Do it
Chief Minister us your memories
Leaving with the help of
Before going on your
Last wish he this video
Recorded in
Do not give two,
I thought this is mine
I am the last year
Will do good politics
But could not do tax,
But this happens after I leave
That is why I decided that
Voice Collector Ramanandan
The one I suspended
Declared Chief Minister of this state
I do
Ramandan is Ramandan after today
My funeral apparel
Do,
This is my wish.
Do two do two bishmasti ji
Has asked me to bring you
it .
Two ,
Then the small of the useless people.
We will burn it and we
Whatever you are boiling, you are the deity,
Tell you
Tell me, you tell me only
You are the deity of ours
God will not give,
Our mountain will not give our mountain
What is the movement
That mountain is the life of this village.
China .
Water is the house of everything on it
Humans natural things
Has learned to fall in money.
He is seeing that the mountains
What is inside
They came to know that iron in it
If it is to eat if they
If not stopped now.
But that too we and the village also
Will be found in the soil.
Hello Hello, take you a minute.
Now take it and tell if we iron
How to remove this plate
Will make
It feels iron for everything
If he expels from your village
What to do ?
Remove from where there is iron
Will have to do not.
Hello late is so important or not eat.
Who knows the fruit song
What a plate not to make him
Will come
Thousand families you
A
I am saving
Muk Sarkar is in my pocket and
Government Malik is with us
Put more in the world
Gaya as a clouds
Loria is thousands of eyes.
Our .
To the company.
Hey, you heart, you heart.
What to do mother to do
Have to write.
There is no movement.
We want to stop the movement.
We will start a party.
You will be the lead.
Why all this suddenly?
Now everything is going well then
Will keep taking till
Now we should be yours.
All the nearby villages are supporting.
If you get into politics
So you do more people
Will find
Politics is a very big mind.
Man's honesty eats
Is and does not even know.
You are like a diamond
No worm eat you
Can .
Has said absolutely right.
How many people have I pitched
Wrote writing
The allegation did not matter.
If you give you the same, it will make a difference.
Will not fall
The movement goes on with people
Politics would run with money.
Politics used to leave for me.
We promise heart.
In doing politics without money
We will always support you.
Your .
If you want to do something good then right
Do not wait for time.
Yes, don't do yes yes
Papanism is not always your
we'll be together .
Ok .
Now the good days of Andhra are coming.
Jindandabadabad,
Zandabad
As a social worker
What do people want me good
Address from the movement,
To do good work
The rate is the way to power
Gives a chance of
You too to gain power
The party has started.
Media friends you get this
The party helped.
What is your party's principle?
Promises .
That we are our party
About theory and promises
Will tell
But the agenda is known.
What can we print?
Such is the politics of Kina money.
Come on hello.
The politics of money may be done without money.
How will it happen without words
Let's know
We are intermittent against China.
They have to be made like themselves.
We have not made them like them.
Asked in your world, I know this
What the heart said
You like you
Do you mind you
Identify
You are the moon, you have heard you
Like you sit on a bicycle
Aayi Sara village Jagma Gaya Roshni Tu
Give everyone because you eat you
What happened to me if there is a little shortage
Man ki Malik Tum is like Koi Koi
Also no.
Wherever you are full.
The purpose of this party is service
It starts earning money.
If any of us take bribe.
The people who decorate the public.
Two .
Two taxes.
By taxing this party is the property of the public.
All of the party in future also
The property will be the public.
He does not belong to any one human being.
Will not be there.
What is there?
Saying properly also brought up.
Why the faction flew without knee
Go, you are a bird.
Like O Raja, my king, in difficult Ra.
Even the thorns do not hide you.
Be a mistake.
Lali Lali becomes shared for you
I will shine a day
Suta my man's malaik is you
Duja no one.
Wherever you will go now
I am the only one.
Two two
I have decided.
I will not give a speech.
Find a good speech.
Someone that my thoughts
Can reach what you say
You are only giving a speech
Why someone else
Will give
Who matters
The voice raised is necessary.
Mrit, this is my very good friend.
Satyamurthy is your supporter.
Hello is also very good.
That Panna ji's Sh.
With blessings that I
I start publicity
Till date the leaders have parties
Has started
Every leader has a party but
Is there any party party?
No .
That's why we have this for the public
The party has started.
Abum party.
Are you the leader
Will reduce the state.
Our blood for you,
Our Chaka for you.
In the eyes,
With your louth in your hands,
We are assembly with your future
Will go in
The applause of your share
Who gets applause
What is the difference.
This is enough access to people.
Countries are not made from soil.
Let's go on the way to tell
For
We have to live for the public.
Also c L Lion Service One Lion
This is the Abhim Party.
People have started thinking that this is now
Chief Minister Banna needs
Not to get on the streets
Will have
Our future is happy
Party team candidate my
Brother from
Do two
The public is a good thing with us.
But it seems a little money
Spending sabkrb means
Second party votes five
There are voters people.
We will definitely have some hope from us
No house without doing politics
This party and for it
First appointed
Is necessary
There are many such big people.
Looks like we some of them
There are also devotees like us
The party needs all the money
Is ready to give
Do you know who is this?
Who is that iron company
Wala -like mountain
Was stopped from digging.
Even today, twenty -two companies were present.
The Ami that is stopping our hands
We cannot in front of us.
People are money but
Saying that anything in return
Do not want
Dh will leave only by hollow from inside.
But if you do not think so much
How to progress
The speech of Bani is different.
D election did not buy us victory
Nor do you have to sell yourself.
You both have to do it.
If my thoughts don't look right
So where he started
Let's finish
Do the party
We go against Anna anything
Can't do without money
To form government
It is not such an easy task.
If you do not want anything else
I give it to the party.
Never happened if not now.
Two .
Hello Hello Muk got your call
Murthy
For money from iron company or
K .
I have to do the party
I will declare
What do you guys do from here
Why are you scaring children
Whoever takes care of someone inside
Do not go
Ok na ha thank you uncle.
Uncle hello me hello me
Sanjay Jyoti is speaking from newspaper
Am .
Apna ji has called AK.
You can tell Anna herself will tell you tomorrow.
We meet tomorrow.
Ok, right
Ok we have taken money.
Anna has come to know about this.
He to party
What to do and no option
Is .
Before reaching the city, they
Will do it with family.
Will keep it closed somewhere.
Will leave after election.
But that again is our
There will be no future.
Then what do we do if you
If you don't, never do it again
Will find
Do it
Do two do me hello hello meiya
Who are you to believe my family
What is the name Hapi Saheb Hello
Where are you speaking from Hello
I am speaking the whole behind the mountain
Two sister -in -law and Babu on the way.
I never speak of anyone.
Marou c
I refused
You saw this politics friend
Make the beaut just forget
For us as before
Will agitate.
You want to finish the party.
But ending my dreams
You do not get right
Used to be .
Both truth idol and plate
Do not forgive us
No one has seen.
This is no one.
But it is.
We did not know your
Man and where did you go.
Party workers suspect
No, so Satyamurthy Neu
Adopted both sons who
Has lost his father.
Now the party
And Sy Moore, Chief Minister P.
is accepted .
To atone your sins
For he post for the post of Chief Minister
Choose you for
You have the true shape of India
Hit the father
The same pyre with his hands.
Forgive me son
The idol said for me
Was his last wish to fulfill
I had to do me for
Bless two
Tax .
Do tax,
Two .
Give your father's dream then
Have to complete.
Now there is no need for them.
Of our leader's last wish
According
Chief Minister to Ramanandan ji
I propose to make
This proposal is acceptable to me.
Ram Ji I Village Name One minute,
It cannot become less.
There are so many big people
But no one knows Russia.
If this is made then you have to do it first.
They will resign before taking the oath.
The government should also accepted it,
Only then will it be done against it.
To make it back here
Even if you do one, nothing will happen.
Only the hand of the child is needed.
I will be back and become ten.
To make you back
It is said that Matalbal is behind it
I reduced my life
Waiting for the chair.
Start from Ekam
Was of this state
Corner in a corner
I have reduced the party.
Made on the top and the MP was also done.
Go ahead, keep running here.
And this Mahaprabhu
Direct of entry mark from
Will curtain the chair
Reduce you guys in my mouth
I will give one sins
I will not take back my father
I will leave
Who could not become this grandfather
Will be the party's heir
Who will be Satyamurthy.
To give me love and respect
Thank you for
I become this politician.
I know all this even politics
Something happened suddenly.
I want to live
That the Chief Minister's post
Mr. Modii.
Give it to Dev only.
All de Best Government has run well.
Companies made back against you
Has taken
What is this poly
Complainting in BP
Collector of Size in Devayani
Ramanandan's suspension
Patriot Dau to Ruu
More than a thousand.
Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh
Justice
Will do it
This oath takes the Invari Commission
Sweet without suspension
How to do this
Is also a rule.
First in Uttar Pradesh
Also with officer Suchitra Pandey
This was what happened.
IS office nation recorded
Ki Aur Serj Very Ray Eyes and
Board officer.
Education highway real state
Even the ashram has come but
CM's first charge heavy file
But it should be.
I will do it on it
Then came the office together
Why not do it like this?
I will do that
It has been a transcendent.
I think America
President trump
Must have done
You have been selected loud now
Sitting on a chair.
It is in the month.
The government has five months left.
How can you do this sir.
Election Commission last six
In months when Chay
Can conduct elections.
Now what do you know by becoming
Who is coming
Roomx CM Sir Fa Honey
Should be from your workers
Say it is not for you
Will not know.
After the announcement of the election
No polis can be made.
Since this time, from your power
Zero you do not pass any order
Can ,
You cannot sign on any file,
My transformation is not even known.
Give my transfer order and c.
But I am watching the initiative
So the fry has been made from the level.
What goes to wait
I understood myself
No more and more
Just make you election
Comes but I have that election
Comes will come after that
Will be the game.
But I am up to the next thirty years
I will keep the Chief Minister.
What is the collection in the collection
Give back money back
Medical place.
What is your daughter
Not getting
G
Apna's dream without dreaming
This is the politics of money
Our goal is our
The party's name is.
Praja a y gym party all
Call for a sudden meeting
Has taken
Don't know what is the reason yet
The officer is my caste, that's why
You have chosen
Transfer from where
Karva has been called here.
Lion for everyone
But don't reduce the office office
I want to transfer and
Send details
I will remove them number one owner,
Chief Secretary,
Aut
How many cars from all of you
How many do you have
And how many Modiipids from you
They are working as servants.
I know through them
The election is not correctly
That's why all of them get.
A Handed Percent Perfect Clean Officer,
Election Commissioner till date
Never your strength,
Elections were absolutely like every time,
But this election will be the same as
We like .
If we all come in this
A college in four in the district
Will make us to make us
Family does not have a house
We will make their home like this
Everyone makes promises but
Nobody fulfills
Why do we trust you
Whatever promises
Writing on stam paper
If given two years after two years
Even if you are not able to fulfill the promise
Will resign by holding his ear.
Which election officer for money
Vote is wrong.
If we run after money
So the government is also going to do the same.
Sir, these leaders elections to us
After some
Not even the election
Let's give only the time of
At the same time we eat full
You buy new clothes
Allegations are also refusing money
Taking is a legal offense.
We have to arrest you.
If you want to arrest, the whole village
Will have to do
You will speak
Now how much
Their mistake is not their.
Mistake those leaders
What is to keep them poor
If you want, then why the leaders
Also
He was there
Now this time asked for twenty thousand
If you ask for twenty thousand, then we are twenty
Why will you give a thousand sir
Around lakhs of voters in this copy
Your amal in the last five years
Earnings every thousand crores means everyone
He is earning one lakh rupees on
And all of you only have a thousand
Think of twenty thousand
If you ask for this twenty thousand
Will ask
Isn't it .
Ha ha right.
Tax .
Daru and one vote in the box
Consider twenty thousand
Will not have to give any more between votes
No .
If we go
So what is all inside till date
Will be done .
Is .
We cannot give us.
Will give today
Will take a six.
Earlier used to take bribe of hundred
Thousand will take the power of sand.
Six thousand will make such eighteen thousand.
They are voting with money.
So their work will also be done only
Will give us money
Looking for a point on his Chandu.
What get
Hello is going crores in the container.
Do not do it
Two .
Looks like keep it a million.
Voting our party
Don't forget to vote.
Ray unprrid when i
I am going to win
Have you come and not
Black has been shaking hands.
Relot brought something for min
What is this government property
Note c.
What is your property?
Now after Azal Election
Government wow use
Permission to someone
Does not happen.
CM also does not have the right.
Using this gentai
For p.
Money deposited in pant election commission
Get it done and servants
Tu tera nomination cancel just
Twenty five lakhs na tuzhar money like this
The cale of a truck filled with this way
Used to be .
Whose Muni Mick Story Friends
Have been
Two .
Whenever you go to sit in the car
At the same time it drips.
Fine filled,
What is it then released
Came to give to give
Chief Electrol Officer four
Accident to every one
Candidate only for election
Only forty lakhs can be spent.
Due to light fine, such twenty five
Lakhs of rupees have entered your
Children have been fifteen since today
Lakh form.
Have to publicize and rally
Will also have to complete.
I am in cap on Modii's head
What happened to everyone
A biryani and quarter
Fifteen lakhs spent in giving
Will be
Five hundred to the crowd after speech
Can not give
Petrol put in these vehicles
Will also be difficult.
Let's sorry, this is a government car.
You cannot use
Driving we can add petrol
Hai bye Nima Ministers
You had walked you like this
after seeing .
Heart is very sad, speak back
Sending a tractor to that bastard
Ku
While walking, he will life further.
What did he send to me.
If I become the CM of this state
I my own doctor
Duungangatakat in NTR district
going .
Leave my head, not sir
Say who you listen to the car
Motion will be done.
Hey wait, wait.
Hey hey listen, hey i ask you
Why have you cry?
Was leaving
We will leave
We will catch and leave
Will also catch
Munn Mani's truck trapped
It has been and what is these probably
Don't know
So your
Your in consistency
The truck was faded.
Who told them to take the truck rock.
See Pradal Hi Mr.
You have broken the rules of election
And friends from your cast crores
Have taken money.
Munn Me's truck is paying fees.
Finished and sent you to see you.
Election Russians Violet
Because of I
I am canceling
This time you stand in the election
Can not be
T.
Everyone goes to go to that
Women's department brother tujh too
So by taking off the sky
The land allegation did not walk on foot
Right my ga said me
Walking on the day of Bolli
You will run.
Take it to me, what is this
If you sit first
The show should end and sister -in -law
Is in the room right now
What do you do in the room
Has been taken
Are decorating
We would also celebrate long ago
Are everyone and wait
Will get c
You this
Marriage will still be married later
Now we do our house
The limit of not tax is started
H
First we will stop
My miyas are tera to chago
Be your fairy
Rentactivechrind.
F
The pitcher Gandi is my closed.
Mevani lagi teri g ka tu jaari
Tara to Cho
Tawasa ba hai hai pachua pachua
Mark
Lomas I am in love.
Turi is a hatichrindji in the roads
My prisoner is gone f.
Done our name.
Do two assembly electies
Started at seven in the morning
John sir was not starting voting
B
Has made any kind of security arrangements.
After this, how will people vote without.
Very Bud Morning Chief
Electoral Office This Dev
State nine thousand eight hundred twenty five moments
I kept all that closed in place
To stop by stopping
When he was caught, he did not know the bomb
Will burst and how many corpses will be saved
Understood
Increase that b.
Happened .
Taxes are coming by forming fake voters gang.
There is a lot of crowd in line
He is standing on the head
Many people are coming for.
Arrest the head
Not that
Leave sir
Correct .
Listened to Dongresh Marangan,
Dynamic Kef Electronal Officer
Without your de
Before the disturbance
Will be from vote.
Now my people have very much
Have voted for dhaba and your
One who does not appear from the body
Listen to the part.
Tell me one thing, even one of my place
The place did not place the place that I
Where is the doctor kept
Do something together
You all swollen.
How swollen here
In the clock
You have to put this mark
Remove it from chemical
They were so that he puts his top
Adulteration
Therefore, there is no infections.
Slowly cut off
Gaya upperlander
Office caught everyone in closed
Give lentils
I know where your
People have voted with f.
Relations in everydayboot.
You get the poor
I had installed you
Applied under the chair.
How how all the nail listed
Remover factory
What adulteration is that
The proctable.
Intelligence department
The head has gone to meet the Chairman.
They have received news that
They are going to win.
Voters have also become cheats like us.
Took twenty thousand from us.
He politics
Did not say, take money.
But don't vote.
He knows what he is doing.
He is unprotected.
Twenty Hazari to vote this time
Will ask
Isn't it .
Said right but vote for twenty thousand.
Will not vote for them
So what else did we
The difference will be sir.
That's ok .
What will he do if he votes?
The sixty liter of today is a Ramat.
Tomorrow he will follow one hundred.
The dog recognizes the thief.
We are human.
We will recognize.
The butt of four goals is the butt and some option
Is not either.
Will have to give it.
If we lose.
Hey, there is no chance.
Will pass
Will win tomorrow.
Why the timing is missed,
This Parvati Devi is her son.
This Ramanandan is without this election
Respect with
Should be behaved.
But this is his father's name
Pay party
Is refusing to
Sir, his party is winning
Is .
Exciting is telling C.
I am asking one thing together
Party election connected
It can be there.
This immediately from sports
This election of reduced
Election to state
Do and democracy
Save
Please see your record
Take
These people are these people.
Meaning parents legally
But speak this my mother
Parents base
Card my parents
Barba on ration card
That my parents are your mother
Your father to do this
They are sans and their appearance
You meet
Kitut is not alive.
But ma means wife.
Who is my husband and this is my son
Now what do you have to say just
S .
This mental patient cannot go to the goods.
The truth will be known.
If I have any DNA test
It has been proved that this is
Your man
If it is considered right by law
Will understand.
Did not understand
DNA test of these two people
Get this government monitoring till then
All will live
What is in the bag
Cloth to eat brush to belly
Give me soap
I will give
I talk to my mother Pappij.
Talk from outside, sir man
I want your
When they asked me that you
My mother does not dare to tell
Was .
When I said your mental
Balable is not one
Should increase.
If I say Han, then this election
Cancelle Gets Ri
Election is F
Look
Then b.
To do public politics
Papa's dream
I can never be fulfilled
Forgive me just two
You forgive me your
can't .
Sir I am bumble
Constable lyrics from guest thus
I am there or not, sir
Did not see the demand only then
To eat you
The voice came.
Not just the Dean Test of the phone
Even a piece of nail or a piece of nail
If we find then we
Can find out the correct relationships
This is very component
Any part of a human being and
Bones completely
Has the ability to dissolve.
We put a dant in it, do it.
Do two taxes tax.
Tax c.
I am a mental patient.
Can not go to talk.
Two .
Give you what you thought.
Officer Ramanandan,
Parvati is the son of Devi and Apna.
No proof of this
Case bay elegation due to being
Assuming discus is done.
Election officer Ram's leadership
Ilications in seconds
Face was successful.
This based on exit polls
It would not be wrong to say that Chairman
Praja Abhogayan Party of victory
The door allegations are knocking.
Ilesh finished but Sha will sit.
Parasakant hai
Surely a problem will crime.
Voice and counting is the concentration.
He was sabotaged in this
Election port cancer
Our ninety counting centers
Are .
Which center is that
How will we know how to riot
Want to run in the election
To release them here immediately
Give orders
Wherever they go, their SIM debt
Track to and gin
Will go to the center there
Problems will be created.
Create the problem on the saint
What do we have plans
Do all these thorn machines
Will take at a single point
Count if we have information
So at the time of shifting for them
From this compound to inform
No car out
Needed .
If any effort
If you do a machine with a car
How will you break
Can begin at any time
Sir, sixty people from here.
What to do now you guys go
Media given to your life
And ever staying away from the area
Increase
Give two tax swims,
Do it,
Two ,
Two in two stood out
Have you lost this mam photo
Two ,
Two .
Do tax
If the machine is shown, then go quickly.
Fill two tax garbage car,
Do that
Do it,
Two ,
Tax .
O all of me meet me
I have gone to Kant
Sir Pickpeic Rose
What will happen if I Complaint
This is the total of Mopi Dev
How many machines are broken.
Thousands of every machine
Fifty thousand votes of twenty five machines
Write a report that everyone in mind
The party should get votes.
It will not be able to complete anywhere
That its vote will disappear
What is the state of collector
Chairman Party
Eleven million eleven thousand
One hundred and eleven more,
Nine thousand six hundred hundred tiranve this fifty
Thousands of that together
East thousand nine cuisine boards
It is like
What is the status of the entire state?
One hundred to the Chairman's party
Fifty -five sim and they have also got
Still lost and lost.
Even such a simple mathematics does not come.
That's why you have come to Nikam.
This house is also more in this house.
Why tell me if you tell me.
I will do this mad
Narrate .
Tax tax,
Two two,
Do tax,
Two ,
Do it,
Do tax,
L .
Praja in the election held now
Abhum Party one hundred fifty fifty seats
Has come to power after winning.
First of the result to be declared
Ramanandan state election
Officers post
has resigned .
Praja Abhidham Party
Consider Ram to London
Gave the Chief Minister.
Two do two two,
P .
hello .
I become your Chief Minister less
Don't want to do a main
Serve all of you by becoming servants
I want
Your base for every family
Dream is and this dream reality
Should be converted into such
For every family.
And kitchen.
Singer bedroom flat government
On the ground by the government
Sir in this sir will be increased
Government has money for everyone
Where will you come from
Is they root
If the budget cries for one year, enough
Ho c
And money with money
Can make comfortable.
Education and medical free
Where is the money with the government
Will come from
If the government
No one will steal from the bus
So there will be a lot of money for all this
Vote in Compulsory, whatever vote is not votes
Will give their electricity water cut
Will go
Which half for your country
Mark on the finger by removing the hour
Country cannot be installed for them
Will not do anything.
To get such a bill passed
We will find it.
After that auxiliary service everyday
In the life of
Problems keep coming.
Every time their
Police station for more possible
It does not happen
The problem which should be in an hour,
Will be in an hour and one
There should be halls during the day
Will be in a day.
According to priority your
Problems will be sl
Police ,
Like petrol and ambulance.
A car in every board
Will keep moving around
There will be a hundred unity and pre -like
You need to come to us
Not there .
We will help you
Why Swachh Jomato Z to deliver
B
Only this can come to your house.
Country ,
Great work all two.
I am Ramanandan,
Do two do two two two two two two two.